README.md, before:

# Documentation
### Overview
This repository holds documentation related to the team. The flavour of this
documentation is primarily educational, containing papers, datasheets, style
guidlines and team member written documentation.
### Uploading Documentation
We make a distinction between
internal and external documentation.
- internal documentation is generated by team members or organisations and cannot
be easily found on the internet.
- external documentation such as papers and datasheets which can be easily found
on the internet.

For internal documentation, you can upload the raw file to the files
directory in the associated documentation folder. Please name it sensibly and
don't use spaces or special characters in the title.  For external documentation
please hyperlink to the document wherever possible.

### Help
In the event that links to documentation are broke:
- If the link is to internal documentation in a files directory, it could be
broken because the file was removed, renamed, or the repository path has been
altered. If the document is still contained in the files directory, fix the link
and push the change. If the document has been removed, remove the link.
- If the link is to external documentation, check the [internet archive](https://archive.org/).
If the documentation is on the archive, link to the archive and push the change.
Otherwise remove the link.

Commit message:

Add getting started paragraph to README

README.md, after:

# Documentation
### Overview
This repository holds documentation related to the team. The flavour of this
documentation is primarily educational, containing papers, datasheets, style
guidlines and team member written documentation.
### Getting Started
There are three types of satellite related development on the team:
- Writing code
- Designing PCB's
- CAD
In a perfect world each member would have some level of competency at all three
and push commits every week. I want to stress this point. The most important
metric for the team right now is the number of commits that we are pushing.
Check the issues for the repositories that you are interested in becasue there
will always be open problems that need to be solved. Don't be afraid to comment
or ask questions.

### Uploading Documentation
We make a distinction between
internal and external documentation.
- internal documentation is generated by team members or organisations and cannot
be easily found on the internet.
- external documentation such as papers and datasheets which can be easily found
on the internet.

For internal documentation, you can upload the raw file to the files
directory in the associated documentation folder. Please name it sensibly and
don't use spaces or special characters in the title.  For external documentation
please hyperlink to the document wherever possible.

There should also be a distinction made between project specific documentation
and documentation here. If the documentation you are writing is development
related it should go in the docs for the corresponding repo. For example, if
I was writing documentation about a class for the transceiver, that would go
in the docs folder of the repo associated with the developent of that class.
### Help
In the event that links to documentation are broke:
- If the link is to internal documentation in a files directory, it could be
broken because the file was removed, renamed, or the repository path has been
altered. If the document is still contained in the files directory, fix the link
and push the change. If the document has been removed, remove the link.
- If the link is to external documentation, check the [internet archive](https://archive.org/).
If the documentation is on the archive, link to the archive and push the change.
Otherwise remove the link.
